all right detective Columbo this is your
moment of glory here are seven really
difficult cases for you to crack each
earning you one point are you a real
detective see how well you've done at
the end the king was 90 years old and he
had no sons no daughters no wife and no
siblings he decided to choose the heir
to the throne among all the children of
his kingdom the King collected thousands
of seeds of various plants and ordered
them to be given to every child in the
kingdom the one who grew the most
beautiful plant would be the next ruler
after a few months thousands of children
with beautiful potted plants came to the
Royal Court the King looked carefully at
each plant and finally chose a little
girl who came in with an empty pot why
did the King choose her answer the King
had given fake seeds to children which
means only one girl honestly completed
the task and didn't switch the seed a
famous magician came to a small town the
staple of his show was the ability to
stay underwater for a long time when the
show began a water tank was placed on
the stage the magician said he could
stay underwater for ten minutes then he
announced if someone from the audience
could beat him the magician would give
them ten thousand dollars everyone
stayed silent but then a little boy came
onstage he said he could stay underwater
for 15 minutes eventually the boy won
the money how did he do it
[Music]
answer the boy poured water into a glass
placed it on his head and stood like
that for 15 minutes then he grew up and
became an attorney a traveler arrived on
a deserted island in a small boat his
life was full of sadness he was poor got
fired from his job his family turned
against him he wanted to live in the
city no longer so he decided to spend
the rest of his life on the island a
week later he found an underground cave
there and a large ancient stone inside
only one word was written on it the
traveler read it smiled with joy and
left the island after a while many
people visited this place to read the
magic word on the stone everyone who
read it thought about their life from an
unusual angle when the rich read the
word they remembered what it was like to
be without money and got upset the poor
became a little happier instead lovers
felt sad and single people smiled what
was written on the ancient stone
[Music]
answer temporarily for centuries nobody
has lived in a huge creepy castle on the
top of a cliff people were afraid of
this place and for a good reason
but for fantastic creatures it was a
perfect home one day five zombies four
mummies and one phantom decided to move
there
there were many rooms inside the castle
and the view from the windows was very
beautiful but there was one room there
which no new residents could enter what
room was that
[Music]
answer the living room there were two
nights in a faraway Kingdom the horses
they rode were the fastest in the entire
country for many years these Knights had
been competing with each other for whose
horse is faster when one night one the
other was soon to even the score and so
their competition dragged on one day
they got bored of competing so one night
suggested let's have a reverse
tournament the horse to reach the finish
line first loses
the second Knight agreed when the King
learned about their competition he
organized a tournament invited many
people to the royal court and raised the
stakes by promising a lot of goal to the
winner finally the long-awaited day
arrived people were looking forward to
the start of the race the Knights took
their places three two one go nothing
happened
the Knights Stood Still everyone started
laughing at first but then got bored and
the Knights still didn't move then an
old man came out of the crowd he
approached the riders and whispered
something in their ears a few seconds
later the Knights were already galloping
to the finish line as fast as their
horses good the first night won the race
because he came in last what did the old
man say to them
answer take the opponent's horse and as
a prize the winner got some crummy seats
from the King to grow something
beautiful two brothers live in the old
house the older brother has his own room
where the younger is prohibited to enter
the older brother always has the key to
the room on him and the younger wants to
know what's in there one day the older
brother went downtown to buy something
and forgot the key on the dinner table
the younger brother took it and finally
went to the secret room he put the key
in the lock and opened the door it was
dark inside and he turned on the light
there was nothing special there a wooden
desk a chair and some documents the
brother didn't have time to look at them
because he heard the older brother
return he ran out of the room turned off
the light locked the door and put the
key back on the table
the older brother took the key and went
into his room after a few seconds he
called his brother and asked why he had
entered there how did the older brother
know this
answer
he touched the lightbulb and it was hot
[Music]
exam on the theory of probability has
started in the college the teacher has
never been strict with students and so
she gives them an easy task each student
got a white sheet of paper there was a
single question on it what is risk
students should give the best answer to
this question as they understood it the
exam ended two hours later all students
passed it but only one girl got the
highest score she wrote only one word on
the paper what was it the correct answer
is this now let's sum up zero to two
points then this is an average score but
you can do better solve more logical
puzzles and develop your imagination one
day this will come in handy three to
five points your logical abilities are
really impressive you have the advantage
over most people you would be a great
detective or a writer of detective
novels five to seven points if Sherlock
Holmes lived in our time he would
definitely take you as a partner you
solve complex riddles like school tests
and most importantly you love it don't
you